Improve detector configuration (#133)
groundlight/edge-endpoint: CONFIGURING-DETECTORS.md

# Configuring Detectors for Edge Inference

## Do I need to configure my detectors?

> No detector-specific configuration is necessary for basic use of the edge endpoint. Once it's running, submitting an image query to the edge endpoint will automatically trigger the creation of an edge inference pod for the specified detector. This inference pod will be created with the default settings. Once the pod has loaded the model and is ready to serve requests, the edge model will begin attempting to answer image queries sent to it. If its confidence is above the confidence threshold for the detector, you'll receive the answer from the edge model. If the confidence is too low, it will escalate the query to the cloud. 

Author: No this is great, making the language more clear is really useful! All your feedback is excellent.

> No detector-specific configuration is necessary for basic use of the edge endpoint. Once it's running, submitting an image query to the edge endpoint will automatically trigger the creation of an edge inference pod for the specified detector. This inference pod will be created with the default settings. Once the pod has loaded the model and is ready to serve requests, the edge model will begin attempting to answer image queries sent to it. If its confidence is above the confidence threshold for the detector, you'll receive the answer from the edge model. If the confidence is too low, it will escalate the query to the cloud. 

Author: Do you mean in the case where the inference pod hasn't finished loading the model, and someone submits image queries to it?

> No detector-specific configuration is necessary for basic use of the edge endpoint. Once it's running, submitting an image query to the edge endpoint will automatically trigger the creation of an edge inference pod for the specified detector. This inference pod will be created with the default settings. Once the pod has loaded the model and is ready to serve requests, the edge model will begin attempting to answer image queries sent to it. If its confidence is above the confidence threshold for the detector, you'll receive the answer from the edge model. If the confidence is too low, it will escalate the query to the cloud. 

Reviewer: yeah

> No detector-specific configuration is necessary for basic use of the edge endpoint. Once it's running, submitting an image query to the edge endpoint will automatically trigger the creation of an edge inference pod for the specified detector. This inference pod will be created with the default settings. Once the pod has loaded the model and is ready to serve requests, the edge model will begin attempting to answer image queries sent to it. If its confidence is above the confidence threshold for the detector, you'll receive the answer from the edge model. If the confidence is too low, it will escalate the query to the cloud. 

Author: Added a note about this!

## Why would I want to configure detectors?

Configuring detectors for the edge endpoint allows you to provide fine-grained control over their behavior on the edge. By configuring a detector, you can:
* Automatically create an inference pod for the detector every time the edge endpoint starts up, ensuring it's ready to serve requests without having to first submit a query to it
* Configure the detector to always return the edge model's answer, regardless of the confidence
* Configure the detector to never escalate queries to the cloud

> * Specify a maximum frequency for cloud escalations

Reviewer 2: Might want to specify that this is done for a particular detector, not for the entire edge setup

## How do I configure a detector?

Detector configurations are specified in [edge-config.yaml](configs/edge-config.yaml). The file has three sections: `global_config`, `edge_inference_configs`, and `detectors`. 

NOTE: After modifying the config file, you'll have to re-run [setup-ee.sh](deploy/bin/setup-ee.sh) for your changes to be reflected.

### `global_config`

The global config contains parameters that affect the overall behavior of the edge endpoint. 

#### `refresh_rate`

`refresh_rate` is a float that defines how often the edge endpoint will attempt to fetch updated ML models (in seconds). If you expect a detector to frequently have a better model available, such as if you are labeling many image queries for a new detector, you can reduce this to ensure that the improved models will quickly be fetched and deployed. In practice, you likely won't want this to be lower than ~30 seconds due to the time it takes to train and fetch new models. If not specified, the default is 60 seconds.

> ### `edge_inference_configs`

Reviewer 3: could we name this something so it's clear it's at the detector level?

Reviewer 3: Ah I see it can apply to multiple detectors. Hmmm

Author: Yeah the naming here is tricky, I spent a bit of time going back and forth about it. I'm definitely down to brainstorm some more options to try to make it more clear (though it's tough without making it super long!).

Edge inference configs are 'templates' that define the behavior of a detector on the edge. Each detector you configure will be assigned one of these templates. There are some pre-defined configs that represent the main ways you might want to configure a detector. However, you can edit these and also create your own as you wish.

#### Structure of an edge_inference_config

For each edge inference config, you can configure various parameters. For a complete description of each, see [Appendix: Edge Inference Parameters](#appendix-edge-inference-parameters) below.

#### Pre-defined edge inference configs

> There are a few pre-defined configs that represent the main ways you might want to configure a detector. 

Reviewer 3: Can we make it super clear here that these are a combination of the edge inference parameters?

##### `default`
```
default: # Return the edge model's prediction if sufficiently confident; otherwise, escalate to the cloud.
    enabled: true
    always_return_edge_prediction: false
    disable_cloud_escalation: false
```
This is the default behavior for a detector on the edge and is likely what you'll want to use most of the time, unless you have a specific reason to use a different configuration.

##### `edge-answers-with-escalation`
```

> edge-answers-with-escalation: # Always return the edge model's predictions, but still escalate to cloud if unconfident.

Reviewer 3: I'm confused the example section of these. If edge-answers-with-escalation is a combination of those parameters, are you saying we have to still include them in the config file? Couldn't we just specify - edge-answers-with-escalation?

    enabled: true
    always_return_edge_prediction: true
    disable_cloud_escalation: false
    min_time_between_escalations: 2.0
```

> Use this config if: you want the fastest answers from the edge model (regardless of confidence), but also want unconfident queries to be escalated to the cloud at a reasonable rate so that you can provide labels and continue improving the models.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use this config if: you want your unconfident queries escalated to the cloud. The answers however, will still be from the edge, to maintain quick response times. But it allows Groundlight (or you!) to provide labels on your detector so your model can improve over time.
```

Author: I want to make sure it's clear that _all_ answers come from the edge model in this setting, so I rewrote it to:

```
Use this config if: you want all answers to come from the edge model to ensure quick response times. This will happen regardless of the answers' confidence. However, your unconfident queries will be escalated to the cloud. This allows Groundlight (or you!) to provide labels on your detector so your model can improve over time.
```

Let me know if you think that communicates the right thing or not!

##### `no-cloud`
```
no-cloud: # Always return the edge model's prediction and never escalate to the cloud.
    enabled: true
    always_return_edge_prediction: true
    disable_cloud_escalation: true
```

> Use this config if: you always want the fastest answers from the edge model and don't want any image queries to get escalated to the cloud.

Reviewer 3: Maybe we should explain the implications here? That their models won't improve at all. And what situations it might be useful for (ie limited network bandwith)

Author: Totally, I added some more context and a warning for it.

##### `disabled`
```
disabled:
    enabled: false
```
Use this config if: you don't want the edge endpoint to accept image queries for this detector.

### `detectors`

This section is where you define your detectors, along with the edge inference config to use for each of them. The structure looks like:
```
detectors:
    - detector_id: "det_abc"
        edge_inference_config: "default"
    - detector_id: "det_xyz"

>         edge_inference_config: "no-cloud"

Reviewer 4: Are we allowing custom parameters that can be set directly here?

Reviewer 4: I think it is fine for now 🙂. I am just curious since I might made a mistake adding parameters underneath the detector ids (because I am lazy 😅).

```
Add a new entry for each detector that you want to configure. Remember that inference configs can be applied to as many detectors as you'd like, so if you want multiple detectors to have the same configuration, just assign them the same edge inference config. Make sure you don't have multiple entries for the same detector - in this case, the edge endpoint will error when starting up.

> ## Appendix: Edge Inference Parameters

Reviewer 3: I'm confused why this is a separate section

Reviewer 3: Nevermind I get it. I missed this part:
```There are a few pre-defined configs that represent the main ways you might want to configure a detector. For a complete description of each, see [Appendix: Edge Inference Parameters](#appendix-edge-inference-parameters) below. ```

Can we name it something besides appendix though? Because as a reader I'm inclined to ignore appendices.

> Add a new entry for each detector that you want to configure. Remember that inference configs can be applied to as many detectors as you'd like, so if you want multiple detectors to have the same configuration, just assign them the same edge inference config. Make sure you don't have multiple entries for the same detector - in this case, the edge endpoint will error when starting up.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should also explicitly state that users can define new configs that fit their desired behavior?

Author: Good idea!
